# A Unified Representation and Deep Learning Architecture for Argumentation Mining of Students' Persuasive Essays (CMNA22)
We develop a novel unified representation for the argumentation mining task facilitating the extracting from text and the labelling of the non-argumentative units and argumentation components---premises, claims, and major claims---and the argumentative relations---premise to claim or premise in a support or attack relation, and claim to major-claim in a for or against relation---in an end-to-end machine learning pipeline. This tightly integrated representation combines the component and relation identification sub-problems and enables a unitary solution for detecting argumentation structures. This new representation together with a new deep learning architecture composed of a mixed embedding method, a multi-head attention layer, two biLSTM layers, and a final linear layer obtain state-of-the-art accuracy on the Persuasive Essays dataset. An augmentation of the corpus (Paragraph version) by including copies of major claims has further increased the performance.

# A Unified Representation and a Decoupled Deep Learning Architecture for Argumentation Mining of Students' Persuasive Essays (AM_2022_coling2022)
We develop a novel unified representation for the argumentation mining task facilitating the extracting from text and the labelling of the non-argumentative units and argumentation components---premises, claims, and major claims---and the argumentative relations---premise to claim or premise in a support or attack relation, and claim to major-claim in a for or against relation---in an end-to-end machine learning pipeline. This tightly integrated representation combines the component and relation identification sub-problems and enables a unitary solution for detecting argumentation structures. This new representation together with a new deep learning architecture composed of a mixed embedding method, a multi-head attention layer, two biLSTM layers, and a final linear layer obtain state-of-the-art accuracy on the Persuasive Essays dataset. Also, we have introduced a decoupled solution to identify the entities and relations first, and on top of that a second model is used to detect distance between the detected related components. An augmentation of the corpus (paragraph version) by including copies of major claims has further increased the performance.  
